web CSP policy?
flex box vs CSS grid ?
what extra things we can achieve by media query ?
can we modify const declared variable?
what is webpack and boiler plate?
If you have 10 api call and one Api falis how do u keep track of it and explain promise.all() and promise.race() ?
can you write constructor with arrow function?
what is firstclass function and what is the use of !! ?
max limit to send data in API(post)?
while api call does cookie get send by default?
difference between defer and async?
how to send jwt request from client?
what is mutability?
js design pattern?
what is shadow DOM?
what is Search Engine Optimization?
advanget and disadvantage of HTML SEMATIC tags?
what is the difference betweeen display BLOCK and VISIBILITY none?
how to compare two object in js?
how to stop event capturing?
how to use spread operator and rest parameter?
difference between event capturing and event bubling?
what is static function?
when we pass argument in js function ...it is callby reference or call by value?
how many ways u can create object in js?  diff between "new" and Object.create()?
local storge vs cookies? if i open two tabs in browser of same app then can i access session storage of one tab on another tab?
advantage and disadvantage of cookie?
what is docker?
throttling in javascript?
what is debouncing?
what is the need of use bind,apply,call?
what is event loop?
what drawback of event bubling?
what is socket.io and how to use in react/angular?
how to use realtime data which is changing in very less time?
what is strict mode in javascript?
what is prototype?
what is prototype chaining?
what is callback function and callback hell?
various uses of promise?
async type in JS?
javascript clousure?
difference between observable and promise?
what is arrow function and its advantages?....(nned to clear arrow function this binding)
Explain the difference between JSON.stringify() and JSON.parse()
When should we use localstorage , session storage and cookies?
what is then() method and its uses ?    
explain methodes===> [call,bind,apply,sort,filter,map,concat,reverse,split,join,reduce,findIndex,
indexOf,find,replace,insertAdjacentHtml(),slice(),focus,Object.create,pop,unshift,shift,keyCodes]
how to convert object to array?
what is web worker?
what is currying function?
how to prevent right click on websitev by Javascript?...........
what is the difference between functional and Object oriented programing?(pros and cosn also)
what is the difference between object composition and inheritance?
